OK. everybody.
this terrorist bomb threat
is top priority
for the FBI and CIA.
Stay sharp.
You know. not to jinx it.
but maybe this terror threat
was a false alarm.
Or our visual deterrence
is working.
I mean. anybody's
going to try anything.
they can see us and hear us.
USA! USA! USA!
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
- Hey!
What are you doing?
Stop!
Move. move. move!
- Oh! Hey!
Go. USA!
All right. last couple
minutes of the game.
Everybody get in your positions.
Stay alert.
Move. move!
Stop!
Come on. ladies and gentlemen.
Move. please.
- All right. let's...
please. let's...
everybody load onto the bus.
Everyone get
on the bus now please.
This is Johnson
at the northern entrance.
Suspicious activity.
Bomb.
There's a bomb.
Evacuate!
Move!
Come on! Now!
Go. go! Move!
- Standard IED...
putty. nails. wires.
Well. what are we looking
for a trigger?
If it's a cell phone.
we can track who's behind it.
Can't tell.
Before we can inspect.
the bomb disposal robot
has to defuse.
- Well. how long?
Hopefully before
it blows up on its own.
Excuse me.
Is everyone safely out?
Yeah. I've evacuated them
to the furthest parking lot.
but nobody's getting out of here
until every bag is checked.
Well. what I don't get
is why put a bomb
outside the stadium
after the game.
Well. with the World Cup coming.
security has gotten
a lot tighter.
Yeah. so this was
the bomber's only option.
- We have a live fuse.
Back. back!
Everyone back.
- What...
was that it?
What are you doing?
Pal. you need to wait
for the robot.
- Colin. come back.
- Stop!
- Is he crazy?
- Yeah. welcome to my world.
Colin. that could
be C4 or Semtex.
Or marzipan.
Doesn't smell of tar
or petrol like C4.
just almonds...
that and bombs don't fizzle out
like sparklers in the rain.
So what happened?
Did the terrorists
get the recipe wrong?
Or it was a deliberate hoax. diversion.
But why?
You can't pull stunts
like that. Colin.
- It wasn't a stunt.
It was a hunch.
And it's got me this far.
thank you.
And one day. your hunch
is going to be wrong.
and it's going to
get you killed.
Well. that's my prerogative.
isn't it. Bill?
Yeah. you're right. it is.
I don't want you getting
your partner killed.
Should've figured.
Where there's chaos.
there's Colin.
Who let you back in the country?
- Bloody hell.
Yoon?
Hello. mate.
- Aww. good to see you.
- You. too.
I was just here
enjoying the game.
It's. um...
well. if we want answers.
this is the man.
Andy Yoon. NIS. South Korean
National Intelligence Service.
This is Special Agent
Maggie Bell.
Special Agent Bill Goodman.
my partner.
Who'd you piss off?
How do you guys know each other?
Mindanao.
Colin's old partner. Toni.
We were all
really close friends.
So what brought
you guys to the game?
NSA chatter about an IED
simultaneous with online
searches about the match.
The North's been trying
to strike the U.S. for a while.
- Yeah.
- So we should go talk to them.
Team bus is probably still here.
- I'll come with you.
- Absolutely not.
We can't have
South Korean intelligence
confronting North Koreans
on U.S. soil.
Sorry.
Don't worry.
Bill and I will sort it.
We'll report back.
FBI.
We just want to talk to you.
You cannot enter the bus.
We were promised immunity.
- Why would you need immunity?
We just want to ask you
some questions
about what happened
at the stadium.
We have no obligation
to speak to you.
Well. we're conducting
a bomb investigation.
We'd like to search your bus.
- Then you will need a warrant.
- Well. he knows his rights.
You see the one player?
You think they did
something to her?
Yeah. probably. but bigger news.
they're short two players.
Hey. we're searching
the stadium.
but there's no sign
of those missing players.
- Unbelievable.
So they're gone.
I'm not too sure what part
of this is your purview.
These are North Koreans.
All Koreans are
the purview of South Korea.
Either they're spies let loose.
or they're defectors.
which now makes it
my responsibility.
I expect to be looped in.
If you send me
your NSA files. then...
- Uh...
- Easy.
This isn't Mindanao.
Then I'll have my team
conduct our own search.
Actually. you're going
to leave that to us.
Understood?
Listen. Yoon. why don't
I walk you to your car?
Come on.
Mate. you know how this works.
Your bosses will
have to cut a deal.
Have them offer Langley
some intel.
- In exchange for access.
Copy.
Yeah.
Do you have any idea
what your partner
is saying to him right now?
Whatever it is.
they're not going to tell us.
No. they're not.
Look. Bill. your job right
now is to watch your back.
And his.
- Oh. you make it sound easy.
I think you two are
really good at what you do.
Wow.
I must have walked past
this building 100 times.
I never would have guessed
it was a CIA station.
Well. that makes two of us.
Yeah. working here has changed
how I see everything.
I can't even trust
buildings now.
And they make you check...
All your guns and electronics.
- Thank you.
OK.
Welcome.
- Hmm. wow.
That's impressive.
I'm not sure what you
were complaining about.
- Well. just wait.
You haven't met...
- Isobel Castille.
What a pleasure.
- Colin Glass.
I've heard so much.
Oh. lucky you.
I'm sorry the deputy chief
can't be here.
She's away visiting a cousin.
- Meaning?
- She's on a mission.
- Copy.
- So what have you got for us?
We are working with the
South Korean embassy in D.C
All of this needs
to stay above board.
All NIS intel has to go
through 26 Fed first.
and they've already
been delivering.
- Good...
I'm assuming that means
we can bring Andy Yoon
in on this.
- Mm-hmm.
- What's the intel?
- The two coaches...
they are not just coaches.
Also spooks.
- Right.
Well. no surprise there.
- Colin. I got something.
Come check this out.
- More on the coaches?
- Nah. the players.
18 minutes after
the bomb scare evacuation
started in the locker rooms.
the two missing players
are in the parking lot.
- OK.
So they must have slipped away.
changed their clothes
so they can blend in
with the crowd.
Yeah.
Well. that one.
that's the goalkeeper. Choi.
Mm-hmm.
And that one is
the midfielder. Lee.
Yeah.
They got on fan shuttle seven.
- Where does that go?
- Uh...
The city.
to a park near 26th and 2nd.
Every 15 minutes.
Here's hoping that bus
got stuck in traffic.
And. guys. call Yoon.
It's part of our
diplomatic agreement.
With pleasure.
Number seven. this is theirs.
- Yeah.
- Hey. mate.
Anyone still on?
- We're 10 minutes too late.
- Damn it.
You searched the bus?
Didn't want to
step on feeb toes.
Appreciate it.
Go away.
Bill. your magic trick.
- Ah. see?
You can be useful.
- Hey. buddy.
How you doing?
- Hey.
It's true. yes.
I have a little Jimmy B
in my coffee.
Oh. we really
don't care about that.
We care a little about that.
We're. uh... we're looking
for two young Korean ladies
who were on this bus.
You have any idea where
they might have gone?
I'm sorry. officer.
my eyes were on the road.
But I swear to God.
I waited for everyone to leave
before I started my weekend.
- Sure.
- Colin. I got nothing.
Hey. hey. that's the coaches.
Careful. they could be armed.
Andy...
- Go!
- The coaches.
- I see 'em.
Hey!
Get off me!
What are you doing?
What are you. crazy?
Are you?
What happened?
They're gone.
South Korean embassy called.
upset that we let those two
coaches slip into the wind.
Well. did you ask them
why their spy.
who was living undeclared.
undercover on our soil.
pulled a gun
in the middle of Manhattan?
Because I'm not too pleased
with them either.
They spoke to Yoon.
That won't happen again.
I assure you.
But they're also our ally.
and they're furious that
Goodman manhandled him.
- Manhandled is a bit strong.
He disarmed Yoon.
OK.
Well. before this spirals
into a diplomatic nightmare.
find the coaches.
the players. all of them.
We will.
He's fun.
Those State Department
hall monitors always are.
I appreciate you
sticking up for Bill.
I know this hasn't been
an easy transition...
Well. he's growing on me.
- For either of you.
- Oh. right.
Special Agent Bell told me
that you and Yoon
were on Mindanao together.
Did she?
I understand that was
a difficult time for you.
You know. an old friend
once told me that
if a cop or a Fed
ever asked me a question.
ask for an attorney.
Colin. sometimes a human being
asks a question just because
they're being a human being.
Kevin. thank you for
coming down so quickly.
Of course.
Bill. this is Kevin Turner
from the counterterror desk.
- We've met.
- Oh. yeah. FBI?
No. DEA.
NSA?
Always a pleasure. Kevin.
Kevin. you here to tell us
who the bad guys are?
There seems to be some debate
about that topic.
It's always murky when it comes
to dealing with North Korea.
But as you know.
the two coaches.
Ji Ho Park and Min Jun Kang.
are both North Korean spies.
and they travel with the team
wherever they go.
For the last three years.
wherever they've played.
there have been incidents.
- Political or terrorist?
- Well. both.
When they played
in Seoul in 2023.
there was an airline bombing.
When they played in Tokyo 2024.
there was a knife attack
on a subway system.
And when they played
in Osaka in 2025.
the Japanese ambassador
was assassinated.
So they're also assassins?
They're actually part
of a Korean black ops group
called Unit 124.
Explains why they ran
when they saw us.
Yeah.
Well. do we know
why they're here?
Not yet. but we know
they have a new target.
and the code name is Cherub.
- Oh. cute.
That is not helpful at all.
What about the players.
Lee and Choi?
Are they working
with the coaches
or running from them?
We don't have much
intel on them.
but we know they're ex-military.
So either they're defectors
or they're part of whatever
plan these coaches are running.
All this intel tells us
is that they have training.
What it means for motive.
it's debatable.
Well. we're not gonna
know that until
we find them or the bomber.
What about Yoon?
We know who Yoon is and
what he's doing here. Bill.
His country has been
divided for 70 years.
It's personal for him.
He wasn't thinking.
Won't argue with you there.
I will talk to him. OK?
Hey.
Gotta show you something.
Come with me.
While you guys were looking
for the players and coaches.
I looked for the guy
who left the fake bomb.
He jumped into a blue Camry.
which I tracked onto
the RFK Bridge.
The license plate is
almost a ghost plate. but...
But not a ghost plate.
What is that
covering the letters?
Duct tape?
- Not exactly high espionage.
- Right.
He then dumped the car
at 125th Street.
The car is still there.
This is a live feed.
So where'd he go?
Uh. he ran into a subway.
got on a train to Queens.
Now. I traced his steps on foot.
but I need bodega cam footage
to keep tracking.
With all of these cameras.
can't my team get a facial rec?
- I already checked.
No hits.
So let's go see this car.
check for explosives.
sweep the neighborhood.
Yeah. I think I'll let you
and your Bureau brothers
take it from here.
Don't want to muddy the chain
of evidence and all that.
Really?
You're not coming?
Sorry about that.
I don't know what's up with him.
- You want my advice?
Just give him a little space.
OK.
So. are you gonna tell me
why you were at the football?
- Uh. the enemy was playing.
Standard recon.
Right.
OK. we got SigInt
on a terror threat too.
but we don't have
any suspects on our radar.
That's the truth.
- Tagay ka.
- Tagay.
Mm.
Whew!
Remember Toni's 30th?
Yeah. hazily.
Actually. I've got
a photo from that night.
I bought her a travel
backgammon board that year.
Mm.
Used to watch you guys
play for hours.
Still don't get the rules.
Well. you both made the most
of Zambo. didn't you?
Yeah.
Well. you're making
the most of New York.
It's a great apartment.
Yeah. it's company digs.
What's behind this bookcase.
I wonder?
None of your business.
Oi. sit down. Yoon.
City seems exactly your speed.
Yeah.
Well. it would be if
I actually wanted to be here.
It's the partner. right?
Looks like he wears
a tie to bed.
Yeah.
Oh. he's not a bad bloke.
He's just doing his job.
So why are you still here?
Why don't you go back out
in to the field.
do what you do best?
- Oh. what's that?
Get my partners blown up?
Colin.
no one blames you for Toni.
I do.
I blame me for Toni.
I mean.
she was meeting my asset.
You know it's not
some aswang curse. right?
Colin.
You know it's not you.
Do I?
Speak of the Mormon...
they've tracked down the guy
that planted the bomb.
He's in Flushing.
I'm coming with.
Uh. OK.
But I'm driving. and do not
pull that gun out again.
Cavalry's arrived.
- Really?
If Yoonie Oakley here
tries anything...
- Hey. Bill. don't worry.
I've talked to him.
Got a spare vest?
- Oh. I gotta dress him. too?
Yeah.
Grab the extra out of my car.
All right. let's go.
- Yeah.
3. 2. 1.
FBI!
Don't shoot!
Got any weapons on you?
You know him?
- Checking the database.
- Where are they?
Where are the North Koreans?
I don't know. I swear.
You know.
if we did things my way...
Well. we're not.
Too many eyes on this case
for your safe house games.
OK. so what are we waiting for?
To find out what
I'm charging him with.
Lauren.
Bill.
Since when do you get
assigned espionage cases?
- Uh. I don't.
This is why I'm here.
Um. until we can locate
the other women.
we can only hold him
for the bomb hoax.
Sorry. who are you?
Uh. Lauren Lafferty.
assistant U.S. attorney.
And you two know
each other. do you?
We were law school classmates.
Uh. how do you two
know each other?
Colin Glass. State Department.
Oh. wow.
company boys are still using
State Department for cover.
Cool.
- Company boys? Cover?
Haven't the faintest idea
what you're talking about.
- Um. OK. cool.
Go forth. Conquer.
Oh. where are you going?
I'm going forth and
conquering. like you just said.
It's clearly
an intelligence case.
- Nice try.
I meant him.
The other State Department
stays in the peanut gallery
with me.
Numpty.
Josh. you know how much time
you're looking at
for harboring
and concealing spies?
Spies?
You just said that he could
only get charged for the hoax.
What. you think I didn't know?
- Uh. yeah.
He's lying.
- Bill?
Boy Scout. Bill?
Interrogation's
where he comes alive.
He read me the riot act
for fibbing to a suspect
in a safe house.
As he should.
That goes against every
principle Billy believes in.
But here. Josh can get a lawyer.
It's a fair fight.
Billy. is it?
I mean. espionage.
that's very serious.
You're no master spy. are you?
No. you just got in
over your head. didn't you?
So I'm gonna help you.
Yeah. you answer my questions.
and maybe we'll see if we can
drop those espionage charges.
We'll just keep it
to the bomb hoax.
How's that sound?
- OK.
Yes.
Anything.
- Great.
Choi and Lee.
How do you know them?
Um. Lee Sook is my cousin.
Our grandmothers were sisters
who got separated on
different sides of the DMZ
during the war.
I promised her
I'd get our family out.
Started with. um.
Sook's daughter.
We named her Grace
when she got here.
- And how did Grace get here?
- Smugglers in China.
Easier to get little kids out.
They fit in suitcases.
Go on.
Um.
when I heard Sook was
gonna be in New York.
I had Grace's smuggler
communicate my plan.
We had to get Choi out too
because she helped
get Grace here. except...
my plan fell apart.
Well. you were able
to plant the bomb.
It's fake.
I never wanted to hurt anyone.
It was supposed to trigger
a stadium evacuation.
and it worked.
In the confusion. I was gonna
grab them in the parking lot.
but I got spotted.
I freaked out.
They were so brave.
but I just drove away.
They got out. Josh.
- Thank God.
- But we don't have them.
I mean. they're alone
in the city.
You know. the coaches.
they're on the hunt.
They're killers. Josh...
if they find your cousin.
they will find Grace.
No. no. no.
You can't let these
psychos find them.
- So help me.
Where would your cousin go?
- I don't know.
Um...
- Come on. think.
Think. Josh.
Rumor in the Korean community.
there's a restaurant
that's a front.
It's filled with
North Korean operatives
who make Monopoly money.
They'll be all over them.
Oh.
Sorry. I gotta take this.
Yoon. what's up?
Does Bill still have
Josh Kim in custody?
I can neither confirm nor deny.
- Keep him there.
It's all an act.
The database came back
with a red alert.
Josh is a North Korean asset.
Got approached two years ago.
has family in Kaesong.
has been in contact
with operatives in China.
The girls aren't defectors.
They are spies.
Don't believe a word he says.
- Copy that.
Thanks. mate.
Nice work.
Yeah. not so fast.
Yoon just called.
our NIS contact.
Josh may not be
the bumbling Good Samaritan
he makes himself out to be.
They got a hit on him
as a North Korean asset.
I find that
very hard to believe.
That story was real.
Or he's just good
at his job. Bill.
Lauren. you saw it.
I mean. if he's an asset.
they recruited a lost puppy.
Or someone who can act like one.
Look. South Korea is a lot
more wired into this world
than we are.
We can trust their intel.
Lauren?
OK. how about we check out
this restaurant?
If he's a spy. he wouldn't
give up his own outpost.
I'll expedite a search warrant.
Thanks.
- So. you and Lauren.
What's the story there?
- Nothing to tell.
She's an old friend.
What?
The way you two were
looking at each other?
Nope. sorry.
Don't buy it.
- You know what I don't buy?
Yoon's intel about the girls.
No. of course you don't.
Yoon's been playing you
since he showed up.
You've made that
abundantly clear. Bill.
And I think Josh is playing you.
Well. believe me.
I got him to open up.
Oh. come on. let me guess.
He told you he was just an
innocent victim in all of this?
He's a bit of a good guy
in all this.
Well. I haven't met many
good guys who plant fake bombs.
He's been trying to keep
Lee's daughter safe.
- What?
- Take a look.
The guy in the military uniform
is Politburo chief Junu Park.
Josh told me he's the father
of Lee's daughter.
What. so this is what
the coaches are looking for?
This little girl?
- Code name Cherub.
A kidnap operation?
Their orders are
to bring her back
to her father in North Korea.
but they can't find her.
so they're chasing
these two players.
hoping they'll lead them to her.
- If we believe Josh.
- Well. I do.
If he was a North Korean asset.
wouldn't he have just
handed her over
to the coaches already?
Look. hold on. he knows
where this little girl is?
- That's right.
- But he won't tell us?
Not until those killers
are off the street.
You blame him?
I don't know who to blame
anymore. Billy.
Sorry. we're closed.
Ma'am. we have a warrant
to search the premises.
We'd like to start downstairs.
Oh.
This way.
I don't believe this.
Well. there's nothing here.
Can we all go home now?
- Do you have any printers?
Maybe for menus. checks?
- What printers. dear?
Checks?
People order online.
It's all on phone apps.
What do you do in this room?
This is my stockroom.
So where's all your stock?
The Department of Health
found rats.
after I've been so careful.
They put the poison all over.
I just throw out
all my inventory.
So much money wasted.
I'm so sorry about this. madam.
I'll personally see to it
the FBI compensates you
for this inconvenience.
- Oh. thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Let's go.
We've wasted enough
of everyone's time.
Yeah.
I'm very sorry. ma'am.
I told you. it's not an outpost.
- Hey. my bad. guys.
You were right.
Now we know Josh was
just buying time.
Yeah. and it's looking
more and more likely
these soccer players are spies.
- Definitely not defectors.
Good tip. Yoon.
All right. let's get some rest.
pick this up tomorrow morning.
shall we?
- Keep me posted.
Blue isn't really my color.
It looks great on you.
Night.
- Night. mate.
OK. satisfied?
What?
- Has Yoon been to your place?
- Yeah.
Why?
Am I supposed to ask permission
to have a friend over?
So your place
might be compromised.
And I don't want to do this
at the station.
- Compromised?
What. have you gone paranoid?
Come with me.
Oh. wow.
I love what you've done
with the place.
So are you going to tell me
what this is about?
You know what this is?
- Where'd you get that?
- The restaurant.
You know what it is?
Yeah.
it's an infrared ink scanner.
It looks for counterfeit bills.
And why would
a restaurant stockroom
have one left plugged
into the charger?
Sometimes happens when
you leave in a hurry.
So what. you think the North
Koreans left it behind. do you?
What does that tell you
about Yoon's intel?
Colin. I know you trust him.
'Cause we got history because
of... because of Toni. OK?
Toni's your old partner.
Hmm.
And what was Yoon's
relationship to Toni?
It was the three of us.
you know?
Thick as thieves.
How did she pass?
She was murdered
in a terrorist bombing.
I'm sorry.
And you missed
the explosion by minutes?
- Seconds. actually.
And tread carefully.
I'm sure you felt
a lot of guilt.
OK. Bill. stop.
You haven't earned
this heart-to-heart.
I've had it with
Yoon already. anyway.
Oh. I'm sure
he was very comforting.
told you it wasn't your fault.
- He did. actually. yeah.
For someone you think's
betraying me.
he had a lot
of comforting words.
Well. he doesn't
have to tell you
it was your fault
to trigger your guilt.
He just has to remind you
it's there.
After Toni passed...
- Was murdered.
After Toni was murdered.
what was Yoon like in the field?
I mean. they...
they should have pulled him off
the same way they did with me.
You know. living a double life
when your head's not right.
He. uh...
he said he wanted
to finish his mission.
But now I've been
in from the cold.
I realize it's...
you know. it's staying
out there that drives you mad.
Um...
I don't think he ever
really processed it.
He just kept going. and...
he never felt a thing.
Yoon told the coaches where
the players' shuttle was.
When he pulled his gun.
he was never gonna fire it.
He knew I would stop
chasing them to stop him.
so they got away.
Then he used the intel we
gave him to fake info on Josh.
No!
Then he told the outpost
we were coming.
- No. OK?
It's not possible.
That's what your guilt
is telling you. Colin.
What is your gut telling you?
That Andy Yoon is
a double agent for North Korea.
Once we have eyes on Yoon.
we'll follow him
to the coaches.
take them off board.
Colin. do you copy?
Yes. loud and clear.
Are you sure Yoon
is at his cover job
before the sun even comes up?
Not getting anything
on his phone.
- Positive.
He's pulled an all-nighter.
- Wait.
Phone's pinging.
I can't see what's
on it until he opens it.
- Colin sees him.
He's out of the skiff.
You should be able
to decrypt it now.
All right. got it.
Translating.
"Girls spotted. Canal Street 6.
on the Uptown platform."
- And the message is gone.
It disappeared.
It automatically goes away
once it's read.
Colin. stay on top of him.
Keep me on the network. Zeeb.
- I'm trying.
I keep losing signal.
When will the MTA get
underground phone service?
Oh. I got it back.
All right. the girls are still
on the platform waiting on
the Uptown 6. but...
- ugh. damn.
- What?
Next train isn't for 17 minutes.
How far away are Yoon and Colin?
- Uh. 14 minutes.
- Huh.
Walsh. Special Agent
Bill Goodman requesting backup.
Oh.
- Stop!
Stop!
Colin. don't move.
Andy.
What are you doing. mate?
Put the gun down.
Colin. turn around.
Andy. put the gun down. please.
Turn around!
Don't do this. mate.
Please don't do this.
Colin. turn around.
Say hi to Toni for me.
Hands up!
- You're safe now.
Come with me.
Josh said she's definitely
in that apartment.
She's probably hiding somewhere.
- Whoa... put the gun away.
Put the gun away.
Hey.
Hey. sweetie.
It's OK.
If you cannot
afford an attorney.
one will be provided...
- Provided for me.
I know my rights.
Hey.
He was gonna kill me.
Why didn't you shoot him?
I know you like your intel.
Figured he could still talk
through his concussion.
Mm.
He should have shot me.
When did you get turned?
They're good. the North Koreans.
They knew exactly
when to come to me...
when I had nothing left to lose.
You know. Andy. um...
I'm so sorry.
Hey.
Hi.
Lee and her daughter
were granted asylum.
Choi. too.
They'll have to spend
12 weeks in Hanawon.
Hanawon?
It's a defector rehab
in South Korea.
- Good news.
And Josh Kim?
Gave him a six-month
slap on the wrist.
You always were a pushover
for good intentions.
I just don't think he
deserves to do extensive time
for a bomb made out
of almond paste.
We all make mistakes.
So. uh. what. are you
giving up on the FBI?
- Oh. you know me.
I'll try anything twice.
Oh. yeah.
I remember that about you.
Yeah.
But you've cleaned up
your act since then.
- Yeah.
Yes. I have.
You know. to be honest.
I don't know what I'm doing.
But it's good.
It's different.
I guess maybe I needed a change.
I know a really good
sushi place nearby.
Do you want to grab a bite.
catch up?
I can't.
I'm engaged.
- Oh. Wow.
- Katie is her name.
Katie.
Uh. high school sweethearts. actually.
What?
Wild Bill Goodman. suit and tie.
high school sweetheart...
what are the kids at law school
gonna think about this?
Are you still
in touch with them?
Not a single one.
I'll see you around. I guess.
- It's a small town.
- Is it?
You look really good.
by the way.
Till next time.
- Hey.
- Thanks for the invite.
- You're welcome.
So this is CIA housing. huh?
- Yeah.
Yeah. yeah.
I wasn't mad for it at first.
but then I saw your place.
and now I'm thanking
my lucky stars.
Beer?
Sure.
So. uh. listen. Bill.
The reason
I asked you over was...
well. I. uh...
I just wanted to say thank you.
- Don't worry about it.
- No. no. no. no.
It's...
When you realized
that Yoon was a double agent.
you didn't rub my face in it.
And I don't think I would have
been quite as generous.
You know.
I joke about the feebs.
about the FBI. about you.
but at the end of the day.
I know that
you would never turn
on your principles
or your partner. so yeah.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Well. since
we're in overshare mode.
do you want to tell me
about you and Lauren now?
Really. there's nothing to tell.
Oh.
Let me guess...
you met freshman year.
you had instant chemistry.
you flirted outrageously.
but then it took you months
to pluck up the courage
to ask her out?
- No.
It was junior year.
OK.
So. uh. what happened?
Why'd you break up?
- We graduated.
She moved to New York City.
I went overseas.
And now you're both back
in New York
and the sparks are flying. eh?
- No sparks.
I'm engaged.
Katie's the one.
- Oh. right.
Well. there you go.
I'm convinced.
You know. I don't need advice
on my love life.
certainly not from you.
Ouch.
So who was Toni?
Really.
OK.
Toni wasn't just my partner.
She was...
and always will be
the love of my life.
I mean. we...
we started out as partners.
but then it just evolved into...
I don't even have
the words for it.
I'm sorry.
- You'd have liked her.
She had perfect handwriting.
Damn. my kind of gal.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm